h1. Ditty

A non-linear web notebook written with "Sinatra":http://www.sinatrarb.com and "jQuery":http://www.jquery.com

h2. What?

Ditty is inspired by "TiddlyWiki":http://www.tiddlywiki.com written by Jeremy Ruston, and at some point might even make itself compatible with that project.  For those that arn't familiar with the concept though:  Ditty (and TiddlyWiki) are designed around the concept of 'ditties' (or tiddlers) which represent little, or not so little, snippets of information that can be cross-linked.  However, rather than navigating around like a normal wiki, the ditties are instead inserted into the page body allowing you to dynamically choose what information is displayed.

h2. How?

This section will follow when Ditty is a little more polished.  But basically,just run @ditty.rb@.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Jonathan Stott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

